# Secondary Language Development for Diversity and Inclusion by Peterson Le
## Potential Project Contribution
An astonishing characteristic of the country we live in is the diversity that can be seen nearly everywhere we go. Because of this, communities have set grounds and established areas that represents their home; hence, we see places such as Vietnam Town and Korea town that opens a world of new experiences. The eclectic nature of this country leads me to believe that learning a secondary language have a plethora of benefits to the public. We see government organizations that obligates linguistic diversity and [foreign language learning](https://www.state.gov/foreign-language-training/) to cater to the world we live in and promote diversity and inclusion. In addition, secondary language development has opened more [jobs, internships, and opportunity](https://www.cia.gov/careers/foreign-language). Therefore, I believe that secondary language development has means to protect and serve the public.<br/>
<br/>
During my educational path, we have used language-learning sites to continually study and enhance our learning of foreign language outside of the classroom. Therefore, for this project, I propose to study these sites in order to offer users with the ability to learn about language and culture efficiently in hopes that it encourages others to protect and cater to the public. From what I have witnessed, language-learning websites can be overwhelming, uninforming, or inconsistent at times; thus, deterring others from learning more about the world they are missing. By creating a site that makes learning efficient and effective to promote user satisfaction would give many the opportunity to learn about a world outside their own in hopes to, again, promote diversity and inclusion.
